No, no, no, no.
Look! Look!
Sorry. Sorry, I'm just...
No. It might be a house.
We could hide.
No.
Go!
We'll make better time
if I ride out of my own.
It's less risky and we're gonna cover
more ground with a larger group.
The council is working on a plan
right now.
Connie doesn't have time to wait
on a committee.
Why don't we split the difference
between fast and safe?
Teams of two. We could divide
the map up into smaller grids.
It can reduce the risk.
Hey, any of you seen Kelly?
Okay.
Uh...
I checked the whole house.
We're okay.
Nobody's here.
You need...
"You need some rest."
You haven't slept in days.
"I can keep watch."
"We will find your home."
You sleep.
Listen.
Rest.
Huh?
All right.
Tell us where they are!
My dance card is wide open, man.
We got all day.
This bother you?
I've done worse.
Why don't you take a turn, then?
- Speed things up for me.
- All right.
- I'm up.
- Like hell you are!
Are we just gonna stand here
staring at each other dreamily
or are we gonna get to it?
Hey, you kill him, the two of us
are gonna have a problem!
I don't need a babysitter.
I know what I'm doing.
Just give 'em a location
where your friends are hiding.
You do that, this all goes away.
That's, uh... That's a good offer.
Or... And hear me out.
You all could go eat shit instead.
Just a thought.
I've already gone through these steps.
Maybe we start taking pieces.
You do what you gotta do.
Give him a knife.
I don't think you understand,
I'm the best shot you got.
- Why? We friends now?
- No.
Not 'cause we're friends.
Because I'm the one holding the knife.
Yeah. And your buddy's
the one holding the gun.
Shut up! Shut up and listen to me.
I know you're close to her.
The leader.
Close enough to know
where they're hiding.
No one needs to die in here.
So just say the location,
so we can all walk away happy.
Go to hell, asshole!
Location! Or I take another!
- No, I can't.
- Location!
- No! Please stop.
Yellow house!
Uh... Town off the 283.
Antenna. Antenna. Antenna. Antenna.
Is that good enough?
I can scout it out.
Take a squad. Three of you.
- See if our friend speaks truth.
- You want us to take him?
Wait. What happened?
Slow down. I don't understand.
What?
Looks quiet. No movement.
Two entrances. Breach both?
By twos. You take Powell.
Washington, Fish.
Go around the back of the yellow house.
What about dickhead?
I'm supposed to believe
he's got my back.
No, that's my job.
Always.
Go.
Clear!
It's all clear, Carv.
That son of a bitch jerked us around.
We should stay. Look around for a bit.
So we don't miss nothing.
No. We'll search
the rest of the town first.
Quick and quiet,
in case they're still nearby.
You three,
take the north end and work back.
- We'll meet you in the middle.
- Copy.
Whoa.
Where are you?
My grandfather's house
used to have one of these.
I'd secretly shove stuff in there.
I'm sorry, I don't see anything.
I'm sure you saw something, but...
But you haven't slept.
So, maybe it's...
Yeah, it's...
Okay, okay. Okay. I'm sorry.
You and me,
let's give the house
another sweep. Okay?
Connie!
Clear!
Over here!
They're still wet.
I guess he was telling the truth, then?
We should clear the other rooms.
Clear!
REAPER 2: Clear!
Nothing.
Maybe they went out the back.
I can track them.
Are you in a hurry to leave?
What?
The other building,
you wanted to stick around
and make sure we didn't miss anything.
Now, you want to run right off.
Which is it?
Look, man, I'm just trying to help.
Yet you keep chirping.
Fine. You lose 'em, it's on you,
it ain't on me.
Stop.
Wash, we need a perimeter check.
Possible runners. Half a klick.
Copy that, Shaw.
Look, I don't have time
for this talk bullshit.
- Listen...
- I know!
I understand, but I don't need it.
Go, sift upstairs.
Make sure we didn't miss anything.
- Don't.
- Don't what?
You're either with us, or you're not.
What do you want me to do?
For one thing, stop pissing off Carver.
Usually doesn't end well.
Please. please! Just a...
Just a little bit more!
Whoa! Kelly!
Awesome.
You need help?
What the hell were you thinking?
You should have told us
that you're heading out.
Come here.
I'm fine.
But Connie's not.
I found her camp.
She's with some guy who knew Michonne.
They left in hurry.
Something's not right.
She thought they were being followed.
She's out there.
She is scared. She needs me.
If something happened to her...
No, we're going to find her first.
Yeah. Come on, let's get moving.
Hungry!
Oh, God.
Come on. I got you.
Come on.
Oh, God.
They ran. They ain't coming back here.
- What?
- I mean, think about it.
You hit them hard.
Even if they get more people, they won't
come back here. It's a bad move.
You've got, what,
20 people in your town?
You got weapons. You got walls.
You'd see 'em coming from a mile away.
Trust me, they ran.
- Is there a point to any of this?
- Let's go.
There's nothing here.
It's time we move on.
No. We're missing something.
Fine. Let's waste another hour.
That's smart.
- Daryl...
- It's not my fault
he's too stupid to pay attention.
- Chirp. Chirp. Chirp.
- Enough.
Screw that. This dirtbag wants to play.
I'll teach him the rules.
I'm right here, man. Make a move.
This is not time
and it's not your call to make.
Jesus, Shaw.
We both know who he really is deep down.
What?
I was there. Remember?
After?
What, you think
this is gonna end any different?
So, this is what?
You looking out for me?
- Always.
- Uh-huh. Got ya.
And what about the fire?
When Pope locked me in the cabin
and lit it up?
You must have known.
Was that you looking out for me, too?
Shaw, wake up.
Everything is a test now.
If you think this guy is ever gonna
give a shit about any of us,
you're gonna fail.
No, he's right.
I don't give a shit about any of you.
Except you.
I'm here for you.
It's no secret I made mistakes.
But I'm here right now.
Maybe I'd be better at this time,
if you'll let me.
And Pope scares the shit out of me.
I don't wanna be face first
in the fire under his boot.
But if you say trust him,
I'll trust him.
We've wasted enough time here already.
- Oh, you're not seriously...
- It's time to move on.
Sure. Your call.
Hold on.
Told ya.
Which way?
We could split up, check both trails,
double back.
Storm's coming.
We should stick together.
It's up to you.
Which way do you think she went?
That way.
They led us here.
I've never seen people this far gone.
To herd us like prey.
But we're not. I'm getting you out.
We'll make a run for it.
Take this.
No matter what happens,
you have to keep going.
With or without me.
Don't stop, just...
No, no, no, please.
Just take it.
I don't know how to explain.
Um...
But I don't have a choice.
I lost myself for a long time.
Off the map.
And I, um...
I've made choices that I can't unchoose.
But she gave me another chance. Michonne.
She pointed me back to the road,
and somehow, that road led right to you.
So, I have to pass on that chance
or it all means nothing.
And if you can...
If you
can find your family...
No, listen, listen.
I need you to promise me
that you'll keep going,
no matter what happens.
Together?
Together.
Time's up.
Go, go, go, go, go!
Go!
Go! Get out.
Go.
They were there.
Caught signs, but they slipped away.
Sorry.
Ooh.
I thought you'd be disappointed.
Well, this night was a success.
How so?
After you left, I continued
the discussion with our guest.
He wasn't too talkative.
But I got everything I needed
out of him.